breaking scenes we are documenting today
as Abul baraka's family's house targeted
a couple of hours ago are currently
searching under the rubble of this house
a house that had at least 70 displaced
people in the Gaza Strip have been
bombed without any warning according to
the family they are currently searching
under the rubble right now to find
bodies they say that there are at least
10 bodies under this floor right
now as you see they're using their
flashes of their phone and they're only
using their bare hands to dig
into the whole of this partially damaged
building to find their beloved ones and
we've spent the last 4 hours trying to
recover the bodies no civil defense
units have arrive to help us we haven't
got any help we have managed to recover
seven dead bodies and we are still
recovering body parts we have no tools
at
all I can see a foot of
someone all of these people's thoughts
are praying that these people
are still
alive on this floor one mother and her
two young daughters were rescued on the
lower floor one girl and her brother
have
died the Israelis bombarded the building
without warning in this room my five
children and their mother were having
lunch people evacuated from Rafa because
they thought thought that it's going to
have a ground Invasion and they moved to
the middle area and since the past 24
hours Palestinians in the middle area
have been bombed at least eight houses
have been bombed in the past 24 hours
we're talking about more than 40
Palestinians killed and in this house at
least five have been killed so
far thousands of Palestinians evacuated
from Rafa to de balah and the middle
area after the Israeli forces warned
it's going to expand its ground Invasion
however the middle area has been heavily
intensely bombed in the past couple of
days this is hind Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer